hey guys justin here with some mage 3v
three clips from season 12 and joy
wilson my suave i'm just an empty
alright think they have a healer on the
team maybe we should go for them ladies
you I don't know the position I can tell
by his still he's good to like like your
phone oh wow he's record I got my
children game I that's guys fucking
that's funny i'm good at sorry uh I'll
be good I'll be good oh there's the
healers not a position out of position
kill em God hunch husband Josh do we do
not do it yeah i don't know i don't i
want hoshi go for the reason applause oh
I want to go deep in dr to put spin a
major minimates oh I got a repentant age
I'll go tell I'm gonna ring I'm gonna
ring oh sorry yeah I got Fanta that's
okay man I forgive you for being a sack
of being shipped again
bourbonnais Rani dudes been getting out
accent first I'm not rested up one
message it I'm stole the healer dude
he's way out of position right now I get
him I deep Tim all he's fucked off him
oh man okay I drink it at that funny
where I mean is I mean dirty so at a
position did you see his position he was
like an extra pillar it was a general
vicinity of a feral druid what an idiot
retard does that he entered the same
arena with television like he was way
out of position you shouldn't even join
what was that noob thing
some type of scrubs that the matchmaking
system puts me again
I got flared my sticky text accepted
revealed on the phone her just so did
it's over I'm so sorry blotting pad on
don't leave me I deep damn it I believe
you did the pally are you then go better
soon scattered I'm blocking for you I
give no fucks I'm block e to the skin
Rep Nancy yes ok hold on against hunter
yeah I know Edward is way she got a
pally I man or something hey send away
right now fuckin pogies yeah I honor
please wait I'm in this ring shitty I'll
be you it I don't I was gonna call it
ice off the Pellaeon a trinket house
good too ok but a deep um ok you ok I
got it this time out all fucking on the
back into a silence gonna bubble may be
charged under ryan g she don't wear on
the view oh ha ha help help help across
easy I'm stunned I'll hit the lawyer I'm
gonna shoot the pally I'm blinded fuck
it i'm hearing him drink your beer yeah
what cc holy fuck yes 130 excellence
will opportunity pulled out a calico a
stone wall I'm indeed by VD by believe
I'm feeding him I got Mexico thank you
my lost their pet store no fish
bubble shipping the wire sheep in the
wire notting everything I'm theory I'm
sure I don't have any choice left you're
sitting on earth the hundreds of the
firmament lot give me the belt later
view then stunning my ship to Sally fool
I'm deepa this utter he's dead kill his
bitch I'm he'll get it with your sperm
daddy's not that about dad kill us
London and now you leave the poly will
have to before he died that's offered ah
that's very awkward dude it's a very
good vein death when you're fucking team
it's like he's really like a good at
feigning death that he may believe this
sure shut up or trees yeah building
children with a breezy Oh calm it
really she's aiming to still want me
already going for it whatever i'll bring
in that route yeah friend did give me
the hugs on this one yeah nice person
with a little bit actually first time
he's coming to peel the bonnet dream
cheap shot at his fucker he shouted
letting ami park Sam yeah she's got
something out of this on the truth ya
ready for a car club it's triggy triggy
sorry sorry it's awesome killing one
more kill them
ouch they got a hundred square berries
oh shit let's go shower good luck often
ok shot it I'm gonna give a free him out
of that right fuck LaRoque soon their
spelling of it I'll give you freedom
after Brooklyn thank you guys for him
good damage to me pumpkin cancers ward
frog thank you typing typing dad I got
half of rubber mmm sounds still trying
on me we're gonna pay here keeping him
listen Dawson me I'm gonna just almost
like a couch on every screw son okay I'm
gonna I'm Stonehaven till then killing
you everyone else it's done let it rip
every step n tiny hole preventable sorry
strengthening the Hodgins I'm doing
awesome finery Buffy hush on this one
yeah first it's guys Polly almost so
good good not gonna you guys one priest
killing healing stream no time nice
let's go for the kill oh nice nice
Kildee surprise i'm a block your idea
honey alright guys that is it for this
video i do hope you enjoyed these clips
thanks for watching as usual and peace
out